Add a bit more help to README for delete-home-dotshosts (#61)
cfengine/modules: security/delete-home-dotshosts/README.md

### Specifying home directory roots to search

> In [augments](https://docs.cfengine.com/docs/master/reference-language-concepts-augments.html#top) define a [variable](https://docs.cfengine.com/docs/master/reference-language-concepts-variables.html) `delete_home_dotshosts:main.home_dir_roots` as a list or data container array with each element being a home directory root to search.

Reviewer: I wouldn't phrase it like that, there are many ways to define a variable;

```suggestion
Define a [variable](https://docs.cfengine.com/docs/master/reference-language-concepts-variables.html) `delete_home_dotshosts:main.home_dir_roots` as a string list with each element being a home directory root to search.
One easy way to define a variable is using [augments](https://docs.cfengine.com/docs/master/reference-language-concepts-augments.html#top) (another is using Host specific data, as seen below).
```

Author: sure. :)
